validation_0000 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0001 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0002 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0003 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0004 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0005 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0006 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0007 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0008 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0009 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0010 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0011 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0012 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0013 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0014 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0015 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0016 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0017 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0018 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0019 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0020 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0021 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0022 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0023 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0024 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0025 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0026 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0027 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0028 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0029 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0030 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0031 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0032 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0033 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0034 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0035 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0036 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0037 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0038 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0039 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0040 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0041 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0042 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0043 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0044 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0045 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0046 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0047 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0048 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0049 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0050 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0051 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0052 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0053 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0054 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0055 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0056 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0057 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0058 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0059 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0060 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0061 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0062 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0063 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0064 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0065 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0066 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0067 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0068 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0069 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0070 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0071 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0072 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0073 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0074 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0075 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0076 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0077 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0078 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0079 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0080 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0081 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0082 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0083 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0084 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0085 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0086 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0087 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0088 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0089 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0090 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0091 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0092 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0093 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0094 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0095 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0096 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0097 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0098 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0099 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0100 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0101 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0102 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0103 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0104 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0105 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0106 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0107 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0108 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0109 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0110 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0111 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0112 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0113 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0114 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0115 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0116 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0117 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0118 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0119 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0120 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0121 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0122 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0123 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0124 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0125 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0126 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0127 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0128 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0129 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0130 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0131 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0132 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0133 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0134 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0135 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0136 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0137 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0138 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0139 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0140 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0141 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0142 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0143 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0144 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0145 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0146 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0147 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0148 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0149 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0150 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0151 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0152 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0153 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0154 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0155 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0156 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0157 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0158 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0159 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0160 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0161 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0162 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0163 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0164 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0165 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0166 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0167 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0168 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0169 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0170 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0171 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0172 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0173 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0174 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0175 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0176 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0177 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0178 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0179 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0180 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0181 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0182 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0183 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0184 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0185 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0186 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0187 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0188 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0189 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0190 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0191 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0192 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0193 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0194 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0195 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0196 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0197 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0198 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0199 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0200 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0201 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0202 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0203 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0204 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0205 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0206 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0207 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0208 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0209 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0210 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0211 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0212 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0213 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0214 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0215 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0216 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0217 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0218 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0219 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0220 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0221 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0222 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0223 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0224 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0225 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0226 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0227 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0228 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0229 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0230 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0231 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0232 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0233 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0234 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0235 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0236 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0237 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0238 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0239 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0240 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0241 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0242 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0243 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0244 dilate, preprocess
validation_0245 dilate, preprocess
validation_0246 dilate, preprocess
validation_0247 dilate, preprocess
validation_0248 dilate, preprocess
validation_0249 dilate, preprocess
validation_0250 dilate, preprocess
validation_0251 dilate, preprocess
validation_0252 dilate, preprocess
validation_0253 dilate, preprocess
validation_0254 dilate, preprocess
validation_0255 dilate, preprocess
validation_0256 dilate, preprocess
validation_0257 dilate, preprocess
validation_0258 dilate, preprocess
validation_0259 dilate, preprocess
validation_0260 dilate, preprocess
validation_0261 dilate, preprocess
validation_0262 dilate, preprocess
validation_0263 dilate, preprocess
validation_0264 dilate, preprocess
validation_0265 dilate, preprocess
validation_0266 dilate, preprocess
validation_0267 dilate, preprocess
validation_0268 dilate, preprocess
validation_0269 dilate, preprocess
validation_0270 dilate, preprocess
validation_0271 dilate, preprocess
validation_0272 dilate, preprocess
validation_0273 dilate, preprocess
validation_0274 dilate, preprocess
validation_0275 dilate, preprocess
validation_0276 dilate, preprocess
validation_0277 dilate, preprocess
validation_0278 dilate, preprocess
validation_0279 dilate, preprocess
validation_0280 dilate, preprocess
validation_0281 dilate, preprocess
validation_0282 dilate, preprocess
validation_0283 dilate, preprocess
validation_0284 dilate, preprocess
validation_0285 dilate, preprocess
validation_0286 dilate, preprocess
validation_0287 dilate, preprocess
validation_0288 dilate, preprocess
validation_0289 dilate, preprocess
validation_0290 dilate, preprocess
validation_0291 dilate, preprocess
validation_0292 dilate, preprocess
validation_0293 dilate, preprocess
validation_0294 dilate, preprocess
validation_0295 dilate, preprocess
validation_0296 dilate, preprocess
validation_0297 dilate, preprocess
validation_0298 dilate, preprocess
validation_0299 dilate, preprocess
validation_0300 dilate, preprocess
validation_0301 dilate, preprocess
validation_0302 dilate, preprocess
validation_0303 dilate, preprocess
validation_0304 dilate, preprocess
validation_0305 dilate, preprocess
validation_0306 dilate, preprocess
validation_0307 dilate, preprocess
validation_0308 dilate, preprocess
validation_0309 dilate, preprocess
validation_0310 dilate, preprocess
validation_0311 dilate, preprocess
validation_0312 dilate, preprocess
validation_0313 dilate, preprocess
validation_0314 dilate, preprocess
validation_0315 dilate, preprocess
validation_0316 dilate, preprocess
validation_0317 dilate, preprocess
validation_0318 dilate, preprocess
validation_0319 dilate, preprocess
validation_0320 dilate, preprocess
validation_0321 dilate, preprocess
validation_0322 dilate, preprocess
validation_0323 dilate, preprocess
validation_0324 dilate, preprocess
validation_0325 dilate, preprocess
validation_0326 dilate, preprocess
validation_0327 dilate, preprocess
validation_0328 dilate, preprocess
validation_0329 dilate, preprocess
validation_0330 dilate, preprocess
validation_0331 dilate, preprocess
validation_0332 dilate, preprocess
validation_0333 dilate, preprocess
validation_0334 dilate, preprocess
validation_0335 dilate, preprocess
validation_0336 dilate, preprocess
validation_0337 dilate, preprocess
validation_0338 dilate, preprocess
validation_0339 dilate, preprocess
validation_0340 dilate, preprocess
validation_0341 dilate, preprocess
validation_0342 dilate, preprocess
validation_0343 dilate, preprocess
validation_0344 dilate, preprocess
validation_0345 dilate, preprocess
validation_0346 dilate, preprocess
validation_0347 dilate, preprocess
validation_0348 dilate, preprocess
validation_0349 dilate, preprocess
validation_0350 dilate, preprocess
validation_0351 dilate, preprocess
validation_0352 dilate, preprocess
validation_0353 dilate, preprocess
validation_0354 dilate, preprocess
validation_0355 dilate, preprocess
validation_0356 dilate, preprocess
validation_0357 dilate, preprocess
validation_0358 dilate, preprocess
validation_0359 dilate, preprocess
validation_0360 dilate, preprocess
validation_0361 dilate, preprocess
validation_0362 dilate, preprocess
validation_0363 dilate, preprocess
validation_0364 dilate, preprocess
validation_0365 dilate, preprocess
validation_0366 dilate preprocess
validation_0367 dilate preprocess
validation_0368 dilate preprocess
validation_0369 dilate preprocess
validation_0370 dilate preprocess
validation_0371 dilate preprocess
validation_0372 dilate preprocess
validation_0373 dilate preprocess
validation_0374 dilate preprocess
validation_0375 dilate preprocess
validation_0376 dilate preprocess
validation_0377 dilate preprocess
validation_0378 dilate preprocess
validation_0379 dilate preprocess
validation_0380 dilate preprocess
validation_0381 dilate preprocess
validation_0382 dilate preprocess
validation_0383 dilate preprocess
validation_0384 dilate preprocess
validation_0385 dilate preprocess
validation_0386 dilate preprocess
validation_0387 dilate preprocess
validation_0388 dilate preprocess
validation_0389 dilate preprocess
validation_0390 dilate preprocess
validation_0391 dilate preprocess
validation_0392 dilate preprocess
validation_0393 dilate preprocess
validation_0394 dilate preprocess
validation_0395 dilate preprocess
validation_0396 dilate preprocess
validation_0397 dilate preprocess
validation_0398 dilate preprocess
validation_0399 dilate preprocess
validation_0400 dilate preprocess
validation_0401 dilate preprocess
validation_0402 dilate preprocess
validation_0403 dilate preprocess
validation_0404 dilate preprocess
validation_0405 dilate preprocess
validation_0406 dilate preprocess
validation_0407 dilate preprocess
validation_0408 dilate preprocess
validation_0409 dilate preprocess
validation_0410 dilate preprocess
validation_0411 dilate preprocess
validation_0412 dilate preprocess
validation_0413 dilate preprocess
validation_0414 dilate preprocess
validation_0415 dilate preprocess
validation_0416 dilate preprocess
validation_0417 dilate preprocess
validation_0418 dilate preprocess
validation_0419 dilate preprocess
validation_0420 dilate preprocess
validation_0421 dilate preprocess
validation_0422 dilate preprocess
validation_0423 dilate preprocess
validation_0424 dilate preprocess
validation_0425 dilate preprocess
validation_0426 dilate preprocess
validation_0427 dilate preprocess
validation_0428 dilate preprocess
validation_0429 dilate preprocess
validation_0430 dilate preprocess
validation_0431 dilate preprocess
validation_0432 dilate preprocess
validation_0433 dilate preprocess
validation_0434 dilate preprocess
validation_0435 dilate preprocess
validation_0436 dilate preprocess
validation_0437 dilate preprocess
validation_0438 dilate preprocess
validation_0439 dilate preprocess
validation_0440 dilate preprocess
validation_0441 dilate preprocess
validation_0442 dilate preprocess
validation_0443 dilate preprocess
validation_0444 dilate preprocess
validation_0445 dilate preprocess
validation_0446 dilate preprocess
validation_0447 dilate preprocess
validation_0448 dilate preprocess
validation_0449 dilate preprocess
validation_0450 dilate preprocess
validation_0451 dilate preprocess
validation_0452 dilate preprocess
validation_0453 dilate preprocess
validation_0454 dilate preprocess
validation_0455 dilate preprocess
validation_0456 dilate preprocess
validation_0457 dilate preprocess
validation_0458 dilate preprocess
validation_0459 dilate preprocess
validation_0460 dilate preprocess
validation_0461 dilate preprocess
validation_0462 dilate preprocess
validation_0463 dilate preprocess
validation_0464 dilate preprocess
validation_0465 dilate preprocess
validation_0466 dilate preprocess
validation_0467 dilate preprocess
validation_0468 dilate preprocess
validation_0469 dilate preprocess
validation_0470 dilate preprocess
validation_0471 dilate preprocess
validation_0472 dilate preprocess
validation_0473 dilate preprocess
validation_0474 dilate preprocess
validation_0475 dilate preprocess
validation_0476 dilate preprocess
validation_0477 dilate preprocess
validation_0478 dilate preprocess
validation_0479 dilate preprocess
validation_0480 dilate preprocess
validation_0481 dilate preprocess
validation_0482 dilate preprocess
validation_0483 dilate preprocess
validation_0484 dilate preprocess
validation_0485 dilate preprocess
validation_0486 dilate preprocess
validation_0487 dilate preprocess
validation_0488 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0489 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0490 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0491 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0492 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0493 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0494 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0495 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0496 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0497 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0498 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0499 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0500 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0501 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0502 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0503 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0504 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0505 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0506 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0507 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0508 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0509 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0510 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0511 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0512 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0513 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0514 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0515 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0516 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0517 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0518 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0519 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0520 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0521 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0522 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0523 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0524 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0525 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0526 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0527 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0528 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0529 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0530 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0531 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0532 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0533 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0534 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0535 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0536 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0537 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0538 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0539 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0540 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0541 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0542 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0543 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0544 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0545 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0546 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0547 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0548 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0549 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0550 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0551 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0552 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0553 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0554 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0555 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0556 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0557 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0558 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0559 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0560 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0561 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0562 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0563 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0564 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0565 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0566 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0567 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0568 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0569 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0570 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0571 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0572 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0573 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0574 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0575 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0576 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0577 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0578 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0579 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0580 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0581 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0582 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0583 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0584 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0585 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0586 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0587 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0588 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0589 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0590 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0591 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0592 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0593 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0594 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0595 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0596 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0597 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0598 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0599 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0600 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0601 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0602 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0603 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0604 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0605 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0606 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0607 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0608 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0609 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
validation_0610 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0611 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0612 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0613 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0614 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0615 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0616 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0617 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0618 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0619 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0620 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0621 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0622 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0623 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0624 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0625 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0626 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0627 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0628 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0629 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0630 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0631 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0632 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0633 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0634 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0635 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0636 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0637 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0638 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0639 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0640 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0641 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0642 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0643 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0644 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0645 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0646 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0647 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0648 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0649 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0650 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0651 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0652 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0653 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0654 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0655 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0656 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0657 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0658 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0659 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0660 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0661 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0662 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0663 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0664 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0665 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0666 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0667 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0668 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0669 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0670 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0671 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0672 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0673 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0674 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0675 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0676 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0677 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0678 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0679 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0680 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0681 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0682 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0683 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0684 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0685 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0686 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0687 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0688 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0689 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0690 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0691 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0692 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0693 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0694 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0695 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0696 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0697 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0698 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0699 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0700 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0701 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0702 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0703 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0704 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0705 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0706 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0707 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0708 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0709 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0710 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0711 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0712 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0713 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0714 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0715 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0716 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0717 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0718 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0719 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0720 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0721 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0722 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0723 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0724 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0725 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0726 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0727 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0728 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0729 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0730 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0731 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
validation_0732 erode, preprocess
validation_0733 erode, preprocess
validation_0734 erode, preprocess
validation_0735 erode, preprocess
validation_0736 erode, preprocess
validation_0737 erode, preprocess
validation_0738 erode, preprocess
validation_0739 erode, preprocess
validation_0740 erode, preprocess
validation_0741 erode, preprocess
validation_0742 erode, preprocess
validation_0743 erode, preprocess
validation_0744 erode, preprocess
validation_0745 erode, preprocess
validation_0746 erode, preprocess
validation_0747 erode, preprocess
validation_0748 erode, preprocess
validation_0749 erode, preprocess
validation_0750 erode, preprocess
validation_0751 erode, preprocess
validation_0752 erode, preprocess
validation_0753 erode, preprocess
validation_0754 erode, preprocess
validation_0755 erode, preprocess
validation_0756 erode, preprocess
validation_0757 erode, preprocess
validation_0758 erode, preprocess
validation_0759 erode, preprocess
validation_0760 erode, preprocess
validation_0761 erode, preprocess
validation_0762 erode, preprocess
validation_0763 erode, preprocess
validation_0764 erode, preprocess
validation_0765 erode, preprocess
validation_0766 erode, preprocess
validation_0767 erode, preprocess
validation_0768 erode, preprocess
validation_0769 erode, preprocess
validation_0770 erode, preprocess
validation_0771 erode, preprocess
validation_0772 erode, preprocess
validation_0773 erode, preprocess
validation_0774 erode, preprocess
validation_0775 erode, preprocess
validation_0776 erode, preprocess
validation_0777 erode, preprocess
validation_0778 erode, preprocess
validation_0779 erode, preprocess
validation_0780 erode, preprocess
validation_0781 erode, preprocess
validation_0782 erode, preprocess
validation_0783 erode, preprocess
validation_0784 erode, preprocess
validation_0785 erode, preprocess
validation_0786 erode, preprocess
validation_0787 erode, preprocess
validation_0788 erode, preprocess
validation_0789 erode, preprocess
validation_0790 erode, preprocess
validation_0791 erode, preprocess
validation_0792 erode, preprocess
validation_0793 erode, preprocess
validation_0794 erode, preprocess
validation_0795 erode, preprocess
validation_0796 erode, preprocess
validation_0797 erode, preprocess
validation_0798 erode, preprocess
validation_0799 erode, preprocess
validation_0800 erode, preprocess
validation_0801 erode, preprocess
validation_0802 erode, preprocess
validation_0803 erode, preprocess
validation_0804 erode, preprocess
validation_0805 erode, preprocess
validation_0806 erode, preprocess
validation_0807 erode, preprocess
validation_0808 erode, preprocess
validation_0809 erode, preprocess
validation_0810 erode, preprocess
validation_0811 erode, preprocess
validation_0812 erode, preprocess
validation_0813 erode, preprocess
validation_0814 erode, preprocess
validation_0815 erode, preprocess
validation_0816 erode, preprocess
validation_0817 erode, preprocess
validation_0818 erode, preprocess
validation_0819 erode, preprocess
validation_0820 erode, preprocess
validation_0821 erode, preprocess
validation_0822 erode, preprocess
validation_0823 erode, preprocess
validation_0824 erode, preprocess
validation_0825 erode, preprocess
validation_0826 erode, preprocess
validation_0827 erode, preprocess
validation_0828 erode, preprocess
validation_0829 erode, preprocess
validation_0830 erode, preprocess
validation_0831 erode, preprocess
validation_0832 erode, preprocess
validation_0833 erode, preprocess
validation_0834 erode, preprocess
validation_0835 erode, preprocess
validation_0836 erode, preprocess
validation_0837 erode, preprocess
validation_0838 erode, preprocess
validation_0839 erode, preprocess
validation_0840 erode, preprocess
validation_0841 erode, preprocess
validation_0842 erode, preprocess
validation_0843 erode, preprocess
validation_0844 erode, preprocess
validation_0845 erode, preprocess
validation_0846 erode, preprocess
validation_0847 erode, preprocess
validation_0848 erode, preprocess
validation_0849 erode, preprocess
validation_0850 erode, preprocess
validation_0851 erode, preprocess
validation_0852 erode, preprocess
validation_0853 erode, preprocess
validation_0854 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0855 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0856 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0857 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0858 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0859 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0860 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0861 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0862 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0863 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0864 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0865 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0866 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0867 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0868 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0869 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0870 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0871 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0872 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0873 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0874 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0875 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0876 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0877 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0878 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0879 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0880 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0881 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0882 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0883 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0884 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0885 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0886 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0887 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0888 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0889 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0890 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0891 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0892 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0893 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0894 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0895 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0896 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0897 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0898 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0899 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0900 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0901 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0902 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0903 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0904 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0905 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0906 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0907 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0908 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0909 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0910 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0911 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0912 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0913 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0914 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0915 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0916 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0917 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0918 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0919 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0920 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0921 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0922 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0923 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0924 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0925 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0926 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0927 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0928 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0929 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0930 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0931 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0932 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0933 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0934 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0935 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0936 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0937 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0938 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0939 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0940 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0941 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0942 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0943 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0944 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0945 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0946 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0947 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0948 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0949 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0950 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0951 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0952 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0953 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0954 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0955 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0956 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0957 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0958 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0959 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0960 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0961 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0962 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0963 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0964 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0965 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0966 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0967 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0968 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0969 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0970 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0971 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0972 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0973 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0974 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
validation_0975 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0000 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0001 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0002 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0003 dilate, preprocess
train_0004 dilate preprocess
train_0005 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0006 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0007 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0008 erode, preprocess
train_0009 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0000 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0001 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0002 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0003 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0004 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0005 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0006 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0007 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0008 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0009 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0010 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0011 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0012 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0013 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0014 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0015 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0016 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0017 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0018 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0019 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0020 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0021 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0022 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0023 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0024 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0025 dilate, preprocess
train_0026 dilate, preprocess
train_0027 dilate, preprocess
train_0028 dilate, preprocess
train_0029 dilate, preprocess
train_0030 dilate, preprocess
train_0031 dilate, preprocess
train_0032 dilate, preprocess
train_0033 dilate, preprocess
train_0034 dilate, preprocess
train_0035 dilate, preprocess
train_0036 dilate, preprocess
train_0037 dilate, preprocess
train_0038 dilate preprocess
train_0039 dilate preprocess
train_0040 dilate preprocess
train_0041 dilate preprocess
train_0042 dilate preprocess
train_0043 dilate preprocess
train_0044 dilate preprocess
train_0045 dilate preprocess
train_0046 dilate preprocess
train_0047 dilate preprocess
train_0048 dilate preprocess
train_0049 dilate preprocess
train_0050 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0051 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0052 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0053 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0054 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0055 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0056 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0057 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0058 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0059 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0060 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0061 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0062 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0063 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0064 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0065 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0066 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0067 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0068 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0069 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0070 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0071 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0072 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0073 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0074 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0075 erode, preprocess
train_0076 erode, preprocess
train_0077 erode, preprocess
train_0078 erode, preprocess
train_0079 erode, preprocess
train_0080 erode, preprocess
train_0081 erode, preprocess
train_0082 erode, preprocess
train_0083 erode, preprocess
train_0084 erode, preprocess
train_0085 erode, preprocess
train_0086 erode, preprocess
train_0087 erode, preprocess
train_0088 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0089 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0090 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0091 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0092 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0093 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0094 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0095 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0096 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0097 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0098 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0099 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0000 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0001 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0002 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0003 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0004 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0005 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0006 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0007 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0008 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0009 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0010 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0011 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0012 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0013 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0014 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0015 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0016 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0017 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0018 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0019 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0020 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0021 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0022 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0023 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0024 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0025 dilate, preprocess
train_0026 dilate, preprocess
train_0027 dilate, preprocess
train_0028 dilate, preprocess
train_0029 dilate, preprocess
train_0030 dilate, preprocess
train_0031 dilate, preprocess
train_0032 dilate, preprocess
train_0033 dilate, preprocess
train_0034 dilate, preprocess
train_0035 dilate, preprocess
train_0036 dilate, preprocess
train_0037 dilate, preprocess
train_0038 dilate preprocess
train_0039 dilate preprocess
train_0040 dilate preprocess
train_0041 dilate preprocess
train_0042 dilate preprocess
train_0043 dilate preprocess
train_0044 dilate preprocess
train_0045 dilate preprocess
train_0046 dilate preprocess
train_0047 dilate preprocess
train_0048 dilate preprocess
train_0049 dilate preprocess
train_0050 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0051 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0052 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0053 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0054 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0055 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0056 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0057 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0058 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0059 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0060 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0061 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0062 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0063 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0064 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0065 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0066 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0067 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0068 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0069 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0070 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0071 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0072 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0073 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0074 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0075 erode, preprocess
train_0076 erode, preprocess
train_0077 erode, preprocess
train_0078 erode, preprocess
train_0079 erode, preprocess
train_0080 erode, preprocess
train_0081 erode, preprocess
train_0082 erode, preprocess
train_0083 erode, preprocess
train_0084 erode, preprocess
train_0085 erode, preprocess
train_0086 erode, preprocess
train_0087 erode, preprocess
train_0088 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0089 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0090 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0091 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0092 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0093 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0094 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0095 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0096 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0097 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0098 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0099 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0000 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0001 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0002 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0003 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0004 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0005 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0006 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0007 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0008 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0009 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0010 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0011 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0012 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0013 dilate, preprocess
train_0014 dilate, preprocess
train_0015 dilate, preprocess
train_0016 dilate, preprocess
train_0017 dilate, preprocess
train_0018 dilate, preprocess
train_0019 dilate preprocess
train_0020 dilate preprocess
train_0021 dilate preprocess
train_0022 dilate preprocess
train_0023 dilate preprocess
train_0024 dilate preprocess
train_0025 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0026 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0027 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0028 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0029 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0030 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0031 dilate,blur highest,preprocess
train_0032 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0033 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0034 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0035 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0036 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0037 erode,blur low,line, preprocess
train_0038 erode, preprocess
train_0039 erode, preprocess
train_0040 erode, preprocess
train_0041 erode, preprocess
train_0042 erode, preprocess
train_0043 erode, preprocess
train_0044 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0045 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0046 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0047 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0048 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
train_0049 dilate,blur highest,2 preprocess
